Feature/add golden masters (#69)
retest/docs: docs/recheck/files/state.md

> # Golden Master

Reviewer: Shouldn't this correspond to the file name or vice versa?

Author: I was thinking in more the terms in with which names we specify these files. What would you suggest?

> A *state* of a object under test represents the complete state of the respective object. A `RecheckAdapter` provided by an [extension](../introduction/installation.md) is responsible for the conversion of the object and defines which attributes are extracted. The single converted object is called *element* and contains all relevant attributes and its children.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A *state* of an object under test represents the complete state of the respective object. A `RecheckAdapter` provided by an [extension](../introduction/installation.md) is responsible for the conversion of the object to ***recheck***'s data model and defines which attributes are extracted. The single converted object is called *element* and contains all relevant attributes and its children.
```

> A *state* of a object under test represents the complete state of the respective object. A `RecheckAdapter` provided by an [extension](../introduction/installation.md) is responsible for the conversion of the object and defines which attributes are extracted. The single converted object is called *element* and contains all relevant attributes and its children.

Reviewer: >[…] represents the complete state of the respective object.

"Complete" might be misleading, this is essentially defined by the adapter. Could you please try to make this easier to follow?

>[…] single converted object […]

What do you mean by that?

> A state may contain multiple elements, if the adapter decides to split up the object (e.g. if it is made of several parts). An example for recheck-web would be that a `WebDriver` may hold multiple open browser instances and each instance would be converted into an element.

Reviewer: >[…] a `WebDriver` may hold multiple open browser instances […]

It can? Or do you mean multiple windows/tabs?

When checking via `Recheck#check`, a state is generated and (if present) compared with another state. If this state is not present, the checked state is assumed the Golden Master. The difference found between these states are saved into a [report](report.md).

### State vs Golden Master

The *Golden Master* is a special form of the state. While, technically, there is no difference, we distinguish between a state and a Golden Master to refer to the state of the object that has been approved by the tester (i.e. the state that is tested against). 

When doing a comparison the expected state refers to the Golden Master (which is saved on disk) and the actual state refers to the current version of the object under test (which is saved in RAM).

### Location

> Per default, Golden Masters are located in `src/test/resources/retest/recheck/` and can be changed with some [configuration](../usage/configuration.md). Currently they are saved as `${state-name}.recheck` with the XML-Format.

Reviewer: Isn't it `${SUITE_NAME}/${TEST_NAME}${CHECK_NAME}.recheck`? And within this folder, one finds an XML (the state) and metadata such as screenshots.

Author: I was trying to simplify this. But I will at least adapt the folder stuff.

> ## Data

Reviewer: Metadata?

Author: Well I already use metadata below. Do any alternatives come to mind?

> Additionally to the elements, we capture some more data to make it easier for the human to identify and verify changes to the Golden Master. Because of this, the data is entirely optional and may or may not be present. Moreover, if present, the data will always be updated upon applying to reflect the new Golden Master.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to the elements, we capture some more data to make it easier for the human to identify and verify changes to the Golden Master. Because of this, the data is entirely optional and may or may not be present. Moreover, if present, the data will always be updated upon applying to reflect the new Golden Master.
```

### Screenshots

> The Golden Master may contain screenshots of the object under test. However, these are not required and only displayed for the user to be able to identify the specific check to the state of the object. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Golden Master may contain screenshots of the object under test. However, these are not required for comparison and are only created for debugging purposes. 
```

> The Golden Master may contain screenshots of the object under test. However, these are not required and only displayed for the user to be able to identify the specific check to the state of the object. 

Reviewer: Maybe add something like:

```
!!! tip
    Screenshots may slow down your test execution. An extension may allow to adapt (e.g. resolution) or disable screenshots to improve performance.
```

> The extension is responsible for providing these screenshots and thus may be able to offer to exclude or alter the screenshot creation of the object. For more details, please refer to the respective configuration page of the extension.

Reviewer: See above, maybe incorporate this as a tip?

### Metadata

> As of version 1.8.0, we capture some metadata that is related to the Golden Master and will make it easier to identify where the Golden Master was created. This metadata will not capture any sensitive data and is not analyzed but for strict difference reporting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We capture some metadata that is related to the Golden Master, which is supposed to make it easier for you to identify how and where the Golden Master was created. This metadata will not capture any sensitive data and is not analyzed but for strict difference reporting.
```

| Key          | Value (Example) |
| ------------ | --------------- |

> | machine.name | WORK_PC         |

Reviewer: Use code highlighting (e.g. `machine.name`)?
